# Notes

- And in fact, the margin assigned to all of the headings is the same.It's 1 m, e m.Which is a relative unit of measure 1m on an h1 is muchbigger than 1m on a paragraph.Because it's a sliding scale.It's very relative to what's going on.It's the width of a letter m.So, obviously that's bigger when the h1 is bigger.It's smaller when the paragraph type is smaller.
- Margins in vertical direction collapse when they encounter each other. 1rem of margin in one element + 1 rem of margin in another element that collides = 1rem of margin, not 2
- `line-height: 1.5` is not a measure, it's a proportion, so no px, rem or others units needed.
- Hover, you're probably familiar with, that would be your mouse is hovered over it,remember that there is no hover on a mobile device.Focus might be when you're not as familiar with.Focus is, if you are tabbing through your web page,usually your browser by default puts a box around whatever is selected,that's an accessibility thing, again, and that's what focus is for.And then active, that one is a real old school one,it used to be important back in the day when we were all on dial up.That is the moment between the link is clicked and before the next page loads,does the link change color so that you know the next page is coming.
- By default, `a` element is inline.
- Flex-basis (or just flex) has to do with how wide, so to speak, an element is. The difference between width, as a CSS property, and flex-basis,if of course, first of all, flex-basis can only be used with flex-box.But second of all, flex-basis is a little squishy, it's the flex in flex-box.When we give width the value, if we said the width is 25%,the width will always be 25%, it will never be 24.9%,it will never be 25.1%, it will always be exactly 25%.When we say 25% on our flex-basis, it's a kind of kinda thing.So it might be a lot more than that, it might be a lot less than that,whatever is going on with the flex in flex-box, so flex-basis is your property.
- So these are the changes that you need to make if you're gonna work withFont Awesome and you're gonna work with its icon set.These two changes.The Aria Hidden True on the icon and then make sure the words are either there foreveryone depending on the kind of icon that you're using or add that classof SR only if the words need to be hidden from all but screen readers. `<li><i class="fa-brands fa-linkedin-in" aria-hidden="true"></i><span class="sr-only"><a href="https://www.linkedin.com" target="_blank">LinkedIn</a></span></li>`
- `nav [class*="fa-"] {` procura por clases que conteñan "fa-"
